Mitch: Hello. How are you, I'm good, how are you
Good.
Mitch: Defend my pen, pardon me for one second. I need to blow my nose.
Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Shawn Phalen: Tell me what's going on.
Mitch: Well,
Mitch: A lot of quarantine,
Mitch: And driving been driving me nuts.
Mitch: Hours have been cut down drastically at work.
Mitch: From full time to, I don't know, I'll be lucky to work like two days a week.
Mitch: I kind of sucks. I'm, I'm, I like routine. I had a good routine going on. I was used to the money I was making now everything has kind of been turned upside down so
Shawn Phalen: Remind me what you were what you do, again,
Mitch: I build a shed like construction. I work for a company called California Barnes. Okay. How long have you been doing. I've been there, just about six months.
Mitch: I build the floors, for every shed. So, and I was making commission to on every floor that I build I make commission. So it actually make a really good money.
Mitch: And now kind of cut back
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so tell me where you're living
Mitch: I live in. I live like the city. Now who do you live with. Oh, I live with my girlfriend and our daughter.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, is this going to be a financial burden for you guys.
Mitch: No, no, we're all right. Luckily I we've been saving and Rory. Okay. Hopefully we pull out of it soon.
Mitch: But didn't you guys just get some weeks tack them like you got to go to May 15. Yeah, that's what I hear. And yeah, no, I think, how it affects my work is we get, like, a lot of our nails and hardware from China. So
Mitch: That's, that's all kind of stopped.
Mitch: So we're used to doing inventory and special orders and obviously there's a lot more. It's probably about 80% inventory 20% special orders and now we can only do special orders.
Mitch: Yeah.
Mitch: I mean,
Mitch: We're healthy, where we have a house overhead. We have food in our bellies and we've got each other. So, I mean, it could be a lot worse.
Shawn Phalen: You know, and this will and you know it will end.
Mitch: It's just, you know, just getting through it do time in due time. It's a lesson in patience. Yeah, you know, and it has to be done the right
Mitch: Way because if we open the country up too soon, then we run the risk exactly down again. So hey, this is crazy. It's crazy, but yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So, um,
What are some things you want to work on anything that's like pressing for you. Like you wanting to go or
Mitch: Um, well, I'm on ankle monitor. So for a year. So
Mitch: As I've kind of been quarantined before the quarantine started
Mitch: Though, but I mean,
Mitch: Just some in general things that I want to work on. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So like as we meet like you know
This is just to kind of help you. This is just to give you some added support, you know, if you're having
Mitch: You know, things that come up in between the groups because I know you did the groups. Yeah. Yes, it's just
It's just for added support.
Shawn Phalen: It certainly doesn't have to be something that we do every week, but I'm right hearts gonna start requiring people to meet with a therapist at least once or twice a month. Okay, so
Mitch: You know it's you can even just be general things. It doesn't have to be anything that's, you know, well I mean what I've kind of been interested in
Mitch: Working on myself as being a better parent or a parent like adopting some parenting skills or and
Mitch: Seeing how I can exercise, being a better significant other. Yeah.
Mitch: Those are just a couple of things. I mean, I've definitely probably need to work some work on both of them. So do you feel like you have a good relationship with your girlfriend or do we just, we don't exactly see eye to eye all the time.
Mitch: But at the end of the day, at the end of the day.
Mitch: We know that we're meant for each other.
Mitch: We've actually been together since
Mitch: About July, we started we got together.
Mitch: Not too long ago we were actually expecting our daughter, daughter in July night. Wow. So about exactly a year after we got together. Okay, so you have
Shawn Phalen: She has a daughter, that's
Mitch: Yes, she does. She just turned four years old.
Shawn Phalen: Are you ready to be a daddy.
Mitch: I am well ready or not. I'm excited.
Mitch: Exactly. Yeah, you're
Mitch: Not really. Anxiety just
Mitch: I'm just excited. I'm ready for her to be here. I want to meet her, and take care of her.
So like what questions do you have about parenting.
Mitch: Oh, sure.
Mitch: Well, I mean, the parenting thing is kind of new to me.
Mitch: I mean, a year ago I was
Mitch: shooting heroin running the streets with no saw or site and slowing down at all and then
Mitch: Now, here I am with the roof over my head full time job and expecting the parent or an apparent to one but expecting my first daughter.
Mitch: I don't know, I just sometimes I have a hard time
Mitch: With discipline. Okay. Um, and, I mean, I don't know, I feel like I'm doing it right. But sometimes I don't. I don't know. This is all new to me.
Shawn Phalen: So,
Shawn Phalen: Maybe one thing when we can think about this is taking what didn't work when you were young.
Mitch: So how your parents raised you the parts that were really not okay yeah don't incorporate those into your parenting skills and take the ones that really worked. And that you appreciate it and incorporate them. I'm the one thing with kids to say love structure.
He
Does is that gives them a sense of safety.
Mitch: So yeah and that's kind of, we haven't been here in our new apartment for too long. Few months now, and before we got here. We were kind of all over the place with not much routine or structure. So,
Shawn Phalen: Where were you living prior to your apartment.
Mitch: Well, prior. We were just we're staying in an apartment or a motel but waiting for this apartment to open up and prior to that we were staying at my parents. And that was, that was good. Sometimes, but sometimes it was not good.
Mitch: My, my mother. My mother is kind of all over the place. So one day she loves me one day she hates me.
Mitch: So, but, um, yeah. I keep that in mind too that this is all kind of got a sink in, and
Mitch: For how to know
Mitch: Sometimes I chalked it up to her being kind of wild is that this. She's just now settling in. And how place to call home.
Mitch: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Mitch: So I can't really expect her to, you know,
Mitch: Mind everything, you know, let's go get used to all the structure and stuff. And she's for yeah
Mitch: They're into everything. Yeah, sometimes I forget that she's four years old. She's such an adult. That's crazy. Yeah. So girls have a little bit more maturity point yeah um
Shawn Phalen: Yeah. So as long as you're giving her you know like bedtimes at the same time dinners at the same time.
Mitch: See, and that's like a big thing like
Mitch: It's not huge things that are problem just like bedtime. Sometimes she she wants to stay up really late but that's another thing I chalked up to when we, when we didn't have our own roof over our heads bedtimes we're kind of all over the place, right.
Mitch: So, so here's the thing is, and I hear this a lot, is that kids want to stay. I'm I hear sometimes kids especially with this quarantine and not having to get up to go to school, they're staying up until 234 in the morning. That's crazy. Or like, that is crazy.
So,
Shawn Phalen: You want to have
Shawn Phalen: This is how it like okay dinner right then you do bath.
Book bed.
Mitch: Yeah.
Mitch: Matthew do any have four year olds need a ton of sleep so she should not be going
Shawn Phalen: You shouldn't be up past what eight
Yeah.
Mitch: Eight. Nine. So Max, you know. Yeah. Like I would push for eight because she in preschool when thing. Not yet. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So here's the thing is like you want to get her on a schedule because when preschool starts
Mitch: She exactly not to get her you know like
Shawn Phalen: You know, kids four year old should not be sleeping until 910 11 o'clock in the morning like that is not, that's not cool. No.
Mitch: Because then you're just
Shawn Phalen: You're asking for way more work on the back end, so it's easier if you do it right now on the front end and get everybody settled in situated.
You know, you're going to want to have your girlfriend be on board with that.
Mitch: With that stuff we're on the same page. Okay. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: And so maybe some days it's, I don't know, however you want to work it where you guys alternate
You know bath time reading the book, putting her down. Like, I don't know, that's kind of however you guys want it tour, whatever works for
You know, maybe you start doing that mom.
Shawn Phalen: I don't know, talk about it. See what you want to do, because when the baby comes.
Yeah, you're gonna have a lot going on under one house. There's a lot of, you know, be tired.
Babies don't sleep through the night.
Shawn Phalen: You know there's their sleep schedule is and it's, it can be hell.
Mitch: Yeah, like
Tired. So
Shawn Phalen: So hopefully by then you'll be back working. Does your girlfriend work.
Mitch: No, not a moment. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So, you know, she's going to need a break.
Mitch: When you go back to work full time and all that stuff you come from, you're going to be tired, you know, you both going to be tired singing I want
Mitch: To make sure you're supporting each other. Yeah. And I honestly I don't, I don't really, she says she she wants to go to work, but I, I'm totally fine with working and
Mitch: Bringing home the income and her just being like focus on taking care of the baby. Yeah, right. But I mean issue, I can understand if she wants to get a job, man, you know,
Mitch: I can understand that. But either way, we'll work through it. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: She, she has some time.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah yeah yeah so yeah and then just making sure that you guys are on the same page, and that you guys are supporting each other and that you're, you know, it's really the most important thing is like communication that's so key.
Yeah, I can't even tell you like communication and trust or with make a relationship.
Mitch: I agree foundation. Right.
Shawn Phalen: And so, okay, so you have an ankle monitor for the next year.
Mitch: I do. Okay.
Mitch: Oh, it's just a accumulation of possession charges and it was it was never anything more than possession
Mitch: But an accumulation of in and out of jail, and I've missed court like once or twice so out of failure to appear.
Mitch: And it came to this. I'm grateful. They gave me the opportunity for an ankle monitor, but otherwise I'd be sitting my button jail.
Mitch: But I think I think only about three months in
Mitch: A while.
Mitch: Okay, it's not that big a deal. Yeah, I want. It's all over. It'll be just
Shawn Phalen: Me over
Mitch: Yeah. Yeah, right.
Shawn Phalen: So you only have a year probation, then does that video.
Mitch: Well, I'm still I'm on Prop 36 as well. So yeah, I have two cases one case I'm on the ankle monitor one case something crop 36
Shawn Phalen: So let's bring her prop 36 then
Mitch: They are, yes.
Mitch: My meetings that I do with bright heart count for my prop 36 meetings. Awesome.
Shawn Phalen: Um, how long does prop 36 last now.
Mitch: How many months is probably six
Mitch: Yeah, that's all done nine to 12 months, I think.
Mitch: Depending on like how you know
Mitch: If you're like you don't miss a meeting, you're on time for everything you get off sooner if you look
Shawn Phalen: I see you on the Suboxone
I am
Mitch: Ok cool TV on Suboxone obviously. Yep. They are me and me and one of my friend actually he's doing the same program through bright heart and we were the first two people here in Glen county to do the whole bright heart thing through the court system.
Mitch: That's awesome. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Suboxone or methadone.
Mitch: Yeah, this is all new and again
Mitch: This, I mean, it's really saved, saved our lives. Honestly, some people look at it differently, but the way I look at it. I'm not, you know, sticking. Who knows what into my arm and
Mitch: I'll take this Suboxone any day over that. Yeah, it's it's it's really amazing. I see amazing results from it.
Mitch: Just I still I still don't like the thought or the fact that I'm dependent on something. But, you know, eventually I'll start working on tapering down and getting off of it.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, because if it allows you to lead a productive life. You know what I would not even worry about it right now, you know, get, get some long term sobriety under your belt and then think about tapering
Mitch: That's not something you need to know, you know, just look at it's giving you a second chance. You know, to create a life that you want. Exactly.
And then, how often are you are you wanting to me like
Mitch: I mean, is once a week too much or we can appear once a week would be good.
Okay.
See
Shawn Phalen: What's today, whatever your groups.
Mitch: Tuesdays at 7pm. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Can you do next Wednesday at six.
Mitch: Yeah, as long as it's you after like four o'clock. I'm good. Cuz I get off work at four.
Mitch: When, when I do work anywhere.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah I know so crazy.
Shawn Phalen: To have a skeleton crew where you are.
Mitch: What's up you guys have a skeleton crew.
Mitch: What's, what does that skeleton crew like very few people are worried. Yeah. Yeah. Well, when we're all working when everything is normal, it's still under I think like 15 we have 15 people. So it's a small little company.
Mitch: But now that now that all this going on like they'll call me in one day to after they've gathered up some orders and I'll build the floors and then like the next day they'll call the builders and they'll build the rest of the shed.
Shawn Phalen: All right. Anything else that you want to go over quickly.
Um,
Mitch: No, I mean I'll think about some stuff for next week. And yeah, definitely just have some stuff that you want to go over, you know, just
Mitch: Stuff that might come up during the week or stuff that might have been bothering you, in the past, like, you know, I can do that. So what would WEDNESDAY AT SIX. You said yeah Wednesday next Wednesday. The 20
Mitch: Okay, I know you will that be like we try and do it every Wednesday at six.
Mitch: Yeah.
Mitch: Okay, cool. Okay, sounds. Sounds good. All right, thank you. I'll see you next week, take care.
Bye.